Danielle DiTomasso
README Lab 4


Starting off for lab 4, my group had completed the index page and a large 
portion of the CSS file. Therefore, I worked on the activities page of the 
website. The first thing I did for the activities page was inlcude the html 
body text, and divided up everything in the corresponding tags. After this, 
I refrenced the CSS and tried to intergrate the existing classes and tags,
so this way the site would be more consisent and flowing. (NOTE: The activties 
page in my personal folder no longer corresponds with the CSS file, due to the 
fact that sigifincant changes were made. However this HTML version was the version
that I completed for the website). 

After this was done, I then added images to the side of the page that corresponded
with the text that was on the page (either the Company Expose section, the 
Tuturing section, or the newsletter section). I wanted the images to look 
professional, so I made sure they floated to the left of the screen (while the 
text was on the right in the window) and made sure the margin on each photo was 
even and equal with all the others. I then researched and added how to create a 
shadow-effect around each image to make the page look less dull. In order to 
accomplish this, I created a few new classes within the CSS that included things 
like margin numbers, shadow-box, size, and other important features that 
made the shadow work. I also added a few new classes to the CSS that took care 
of padding, floats, text size and coloring, to make sure that everything matched 
the index page, but also worked for the indivdiual activties page. Lastly for the 
activties page, I added a few "bars" across the screen that divided each section,
this way it would be easier for the user to read each section. 

For the JSON file I created, I thought a good idea might be to create a file 
for the company expose information, which included the year, and all of the companies 
attending. This way, in furture years, the information could be added to this 
file, and I would create almost a running log. I included all of the companies 
in a list [] within the file, and also had a "year" tag at the top that recorded 
this year, which is 2021.

I believe the most difficult part of this lab for me personally, was trying to 
build the acitvities page with already existing CSS. This required me to 
read thorugh all of my group's code, and try to understand many of their features
that were beyond my current understanding / knowledge of CSS and HTML. It took a 
long while for me to "replicate" my page to fit the CSS at the time, and so that 
some of my text wouldn't look skewed on the page, which was an error I was running 
into for a long time while I was coding. 

Resources:
https://www.w3schools.com/CSSref/css3_pr_box-shadow.asp
https://www.w3schools.com/w3css/w3css_containers.asp
